💬 [feat/0.8] portless endpoints (endpoints that does not listen to a port but are only there to handle subrequests) (#583)
msqd/harp: docs/features/proxy.rst

.. literalinclude:: ../apps/proxy/examples/multiple.yml
    :language: yaml

> A port is not required to configure an endpoint for the proxy. This is for advanced use cases only such as defining a specific behaviour of the proxy for a specific endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A port is not required to configure an endpoint for the proxy. This is for advanced use cases only such as using an endpoint from within another controller (internal subrequests).
```

Reviewer: Not certain about my suggestion but «defining a specific behaviour of the proxy for a specific endpoint» does not bring much information, and does not sound very specific.
